fix/better-k8s-docs-values (#2222)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/deployment/hosting/kubernetes.md

kubectl -n flagsmith port-forward svc/flagsmith-frontend 8080:8080
```

Then view `http://localhost:8080` in a browser. This will install the chart using default options, in a new namespace
`flagsmith`.

> If you want to make changes to the default setup you can make a local copy of the

Reviewer: They _can_, but they don't _have to_. I'll very much prefer to emphasize that the default values file should be used for reference, not for input.

I wonder if we offered a [json schema](https://www.arthurkoziel.com/validate-helm-chart-values-with-json-schemas/) we could avoid this bit of docs altogether.

Author: Can you provide a suggestion?

Reviewer: See https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith/pull/2222/files#r1222919381

> If you want to make changes to the default setup you can make a local copy of the
> [`charts/flagsmith/values.yaml`](https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith-charts/blob/main/charts/flagsmith/values.yaml)file,
> modify it and then install with the `-f` flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the chart's default [`values.yaml`](https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith-charts/blob/main/charts/flagsmith/values.yaml) file to learn which values are expected by the chart. You can use it as a reference for building your own values file:
```
